today's wreath ro we'll be having a look
at the spider-man classics of venom now
what a wreath row is since this is the
first wreath row I've done it's more
like a second try at a review because
the first time I did the review I've
done a review on this figure as well as
all I have the spider-man classics
figures but I'm going to try to do more
wreath rose more reviews and these guys
I'm going to do it again I'm calling
wreath rose but that's what it is and if
you already know this then that's good
and that's probably because you went
down here on the channel and looked in
my video descriptions of describing what
all videos I do and answering questions
and things but anyway I probably cover
that in another news and updates since
it has been updated because whenever
I'll come out with a new video I'll post
it down there as well as on the website
if you haven't visited your wisk
official website you can go ahead and
visit it down below as well as all the
other things all three major social
networking sites but I anyway today
we're going to having to look at venom
I'll try to get more views in on the
other spider-man classics figures
wreaths rose that is because I've
already done normal reviews because what
a wreath Row is for is because if I
don't feel good with the review I've
done on a figure then I'll just try it
again there's a wreath row basically a
second try but I anyway so here I have
venom this is the variant venom there is
a purple venom not all purple he's black
and as you can see he's got this blue
here picking that up on the camera yes
he's got this blue actually that's
purple on the other venom which I didn't
pick up actually didn't have him friend
them I actually bought the last one but
I'm really happy with the blue one
there's no difference in gimmick or
anything that being said I'm going to go
ahead and show you guys Tim ik I just
raised the camera up a little there's
this big old honking peg on back and
what you need to do is you can use your
thumb but I just use my blend use my
palm and I you get to press it in with a
little forest and can you see that
that's it that's all it does yeah can
you make it out that's all it really
does but uh anyway let's go ahead and
look at detailing starting with the head
his head is really really detailed other
than the fact there is absolutely no
articulation in it because it's all for
that gimmick it's made of rubbery
material different from the rest of the
figure only going to move this arm down
really great really great detailing on
this figure this smile if you can guys
let me just show that to you now this
smile goes all the way up his head and I
thought that was complete it was really
awesome there go throw an awesome out
there
but a really cool smile really like how
it goes way up there the other side does
it even more it does goes up even
farther it would be almost scary for a
human to do that because it would be
like ripping up the side of your face
but anyway it's really cool-looking on
venom really glad they implemented that
from the cartoons and the comics a
really great venom symbol going up here
I do have kind of a problem with the
waste it's hard it's got some sort of
obstructions where it's hard to line up
the symbol but it's okay you can make it
look pretty good he's got his blue which
is can be variant also the variant on
his hands you see these blue squares or
pentagons I think but anyway they do not
have that on the variant it's just
normal hands black there is individual
articulation in the fingers so each
finger can do whatever it wants I can
have it however you want it big old
balls a joints on the the gold ball
joints on the shoulders nothing really
to do nothing really going on on the
back nothing at all he's got just great
a rough feeling to him he's got his
awesome strength which is his muscle
just get him to show that to you now
yeah look at that muscle all right uh
and now his legs have big old muscles
and you actually feel the roughness to
this figure with the muscles and
actually have them out poking out like
veins would so you can feel the muscles
it's really cool nothing really going on
around the crotch area his feet he has
articulation in the toes and he has
oxidation in the elbows if I didn't
mention it which you probably saw it
when I showed his muscles
he is double-jointed at the knee just
show you there two points on situation
at the knee for it that actually doesn't
really do that good on the second joint
first joint up doesn't really do
anything because of the size of his legs
but anyway now I'm going to go ahead and
bring in a size comparison so I'm just
going to roll my chair back a little and
how every there we go let's go ahead and
bring in our scorpion venom or Mac
Gargan venom just kind of move it elbows
into there's plenty of space but a Mac
Gargan venom is not as tall but maybe a
little beefier can't really tell but I
he he does have articulation and said
anyway I'll do review I'll do a review
throwback on them I mean a wreath row on
them
he had officer shares the Pentagon or
Squire I think it's going to be a
pentagon on his hand
trapezoid a trapezoid is I'm sorry um
anyway with this tale he is much taller
but anyway just go ahead and take him
out let's bring in our spider-man
spider-man is not as tall not near as
beefy but still is a good figure and
it's pretty tall sorry guys I just woke
up a little while ago and let's go ahead
and bring up bring in our six-inch Iron
Man
now the
I mean excuse me the venom this venom
maybe about seven maybe six I don't
really know how completely tall these
figures are they say six inches but it
could be six in the quarter could be
less but a benefit is a little taller
definitely beefier so let's go ahead and
take Ironman out of the picture and all
right but overall this figure is a good
figure so wrapping up this wreath row
which has been on spider-man classics
venom and I hope you guys enjoyed this
wreath row and I'll see you